Add more todos to release checklist (#823)
oscar-system/oscar-website: .github/release-checklist-template.md

Verify that all tutorials work with the latest OSCAR release and update them if needed. Tutorials are tested daily by the automated tutorial tester.

Verify that the OSCAR book website displays and allows to select code in this latest version as well as all earlier versions of OSCAR.

Please send an email to the OSCAR mailing list (<devel@oscar-system.org>) to inform about this update. You can use the following template.

> Major releases (2.0.0, 3.0.0 etc.) should also be announced to the SFB mailing lists (like <trr195-members@mathematik.uni-kl.de> and <trr195-grad@mathematik.uni-kl.de>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Major releases (1.x.0) should also be announced to the SFB mailing lists (like <trr195-members@mathematik.uni-kl.de> and <trr195-grad@mathematik.uni-kl.de>).
```
